# KaRTh1-s-OIBSIP-java

Name: KARTHIKEYAN S
Company: OASIS INFOBYTE
ID: OIB/O1/IP2490
Domain: Java Development
Duration : One month(Oct 2024)
LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/karthikeyan-s-86457b290

TASK 1:Online reservation system
---------------------------------

This Online Reservation System will include all the necessary fields which are required during
online reservation system. This Online Reservation System will be easy to use and can be used by
any person. The basic idea behind this project is to save data in a central database which can be
accessed by any authorize person to get information and saves time and burden which are being
faced by their customers.
Modules

Login Form – To access this Online Reservation System, each user should have a valid login id and
password. After providing the correct login id and password, users will able to access the main
system.

Reservation System – Under reservation form users will have to fill the necessary details such as
their basic details, train number, train name will automatically come in the box, class type, date of
journey, from (place) to destination and after that, users will have to press insert button.

Cancellation Form – If passengers want to cancel their tickets then they have to provide their
PNR number and after submitting it, this will display the entire information related to that
particular PNR number. If users want to confirm their cancellation, in this case they have to press
OK button.

Task 2:Number Guessing Game
----------------------------
The fun and easy project “Guess the Number” is a short Java project that allows the user to guess the number generated by the computer & involves the following steps:

The system generates a random number from a given range, say 1 to 100.
The user is prompted to enter their given number in a displayed dialogue box.
The computer then tells if the entered number matches the guesses number or it is higher/lower than the generated number.
The game continues under the user guessing the number.
You can also incorporate further details as:

Limiting the number of attempts.
Adding more rounds.
Displaying score.
Giving points based on the number of attempts.

Task 3:ATM Interface
----------------------
We have all come across ATMs in our cities and it is built on Java. This complex project consists of
five different classes and is a console-based application. When the system starts the user is
prompted with user id and user pin. On entering the details successfully, then ATM functionalities
are unlocked. The project allows to perform following operations:

Transactions History
Withdraw
Deposit
Transfer
Quit


Task 4:Online Examination
---------------------------

The project should be capable of the following functionalities.

Login
Update Profile and Password
Selecting answers for MCQs
Timer and auto submit
Closing session and Logout



Task 5:Digital library management
----------------------------------
The main objective of this project is to provide a complete automated Library by digitizing its
each and every functionality. Starting from the book-keeping, issuing of books, fine
generation, advance booking and report generation all will be accomplished under one single
project. The project will be a web based project with a database server responsible for
maintaining every single detail of the Library. It has a very user friendly interface which can
easily be operated by any non-technical person.

Admin module: Admin will have complete control over the system. Admin has permissions to
update, delete or modify any existing record or make a new entry (books and members). 

 Users: The normal users enjoy only limited privileges. They have a view access to the books.
They can browse through the categories, search for a particular book, return and issue a
book. They are also provided with an email option in case of a query.









